ALL TESTS FOR FLASHCARDS ON **SEPTEMBER 3, 2025**

**TLDR:**

- ✅ Manual creation, viewing, and editing of flashcard sets are fully functional.
- 📌 Flashcards display well with clear sequencing and interactivity.
- 🚧 Delete functionality, change visbility, and generate from notes are not yet implemented.
- 📄 Generating flashcards from PDF is functional and efficient (under 30 seconds)

---

# CREATE A FLASHCARD SET MANUALLY

- **MODULE:** Create a flashcard set manually
- **DESCRIPTION:** The user should be able to create flashcard sets through manual input.

- **STATUS:** PASSED
- **NOTES:** Flashcard creation in manual is functional.

# VIEW A FLASHCARD SET

- **MODULE:** View a flashcard set
- **DESCRIPTION:** The user should be able to view the contents of any existing flashcards.

- **STATUS:** PASSED
- **NOTES:** Flashcards are interactive and visible. The numbering for cards' sequence is also good for label indication.

# EDIT/UPDATE A FLASHCARD SET

- **MODULE:** Edit/update a flashcard set
- **DESCRIPTION:** The user should be able to edit any existing flashcard set's content.

- **STATUS:** PASSED
- **NOTES:** Editing/updating is functional.

# DELETE A FLASHCARD SET

- **MODULE:** Delete a flashcard set
- **DESCRIPTION:** The user should be able to delete any existing flashcard set.

- **STATUS:** NOT YET IMPLEMENTED
- **NOTES:** N/A

# CHANGE A FLASHCARD SET VISIBILITY

- **MODULE:** Change a flashcard set visibility
- **DESCRIPTION:** The user should be able to change visibility of any existing flashcard set.

- **STATUS:** NOT YET IMPLEMENTED
- **NOTES:** N/A

# GENERATE A FLASHCARD SET FROM NOTE

- **MODULE:** Generate a flashcard set from note
- **DESCRIPTION:** The user should be able to pick an existing note and generate a flashcard set from it.

- **STATUS:** NOT YET IMPLEMENTED
- **NOTES:** N/A

# GENERATE A FLASHCARD SET FROM PDF

- **MODULE:** Generate a flashcard set from pdf
- **DESCRIPTION:** The user should be able to pick a pdf and generate a flashcard set from it.

- **STATUS:** PASSED
- **NOTES:** Uploading pdf and generating flashcard set is functional, average time for generation did not take 30 seconds.
