This contains all test reports related to `profile` (both user profile and for viewing other user's profile) tested on August 11, 2025

**TLDR:**

- Previous issue with repetitive badge toast popup is now fixed. But there is an issue that potentially lies inside the forums as the badge seems to be dependent with it, meaning, even though certain conditions are properly met, any of the badge only takes effect when the user posts something inside the forums. Please look into this.

- **UPDATE:** PASSED - Previously reported issue about badges being dependent to forums now fixed.

---

# CODE: AP002

- **DESCRIPTION:** User can view their own badge achievements in their profile screen. Similarly, badge system logic should properly function when triggered by an event.
- **STATUS:** PARTIAL PASSED
- **ERROR ENCOUNTERED:** I tried triggering the `note taker` badge, which has a condition `created 10 personal notes or summaries`. After creating 10 notes, the badge does not take effect. But after I created a post in forums to also try the `first step` and `first quiz` (with the attempt of meeting both their conditions), that's when the `note taker` badge took effect, with its toast notification popping up and the badge being recored in user profile. Same scenario also happened when I tried the `master reviewer` badge, and it also only took effect when I posted something on forums (just to trigger the badge).
- **FEEDBACK/SUGGESTIONS:** Repetitive badge toast issue now fixed in this implementation. However, the badge system seems to be dependent in forums. Which brings me this question: is the badge system logic only contained inside forums? If so, the logic must be changed from forums to global for a seamless user experience.

## UPDATE

- **DESCRIPTION:** User can view their own badge achievements in their profile screen. Similarly, badge system logic should properly function when triggered by an event.
- **STATUS:** PASSED
- **ERROR ENCOUNTERED:** N/A
- **FEEDBACK/SUGGESTIONS:** Previous issue now fixed. Badge system can now be triggered if certain conditions are met.
